bury my hug skin natural skinned pork in
the exhaust is what are you going to do
free with these they look really really
good really really good so pork and leek
so what I recommend we are going to do
with these very very simple dish what
I'm going to do is a nice champ potato
which is really creamed green video
we're going to pan fry off our parking
league sausages and just make a simple
onion gravy go back to old school I
think it's really tasty simple good
ingredients cooked well pump love
conquer oh happy day so I'm going to
start off really slice doing it nice and
fine try not to chop your fingers enough
small a hot pan a little bit of oil
I didn't really go Rosie pick it in
there as well send up the smoke signals
and the pit smoked singles so you're
sweating them off okay so we can have
him sweating off get your o2 pan on we
are a beautiful sausages
they smell great on any way you can
smell all the ingredients 2 garlic
rosemary the onion we would have to make
your mashed potato visor look I love
making a mashed potato really really
simple for for your potatoes off strain
them in the strainer allowed to dry out
on top so you today is nice and flowery
in another part you reduce some cream
and butter reduce it right down add it
to your potatoes and mash we really
Katie you get your mouth is watering
already mark I can see so look at this
caramelizing them onions are then just
add in your gravy so you made your
mother spray
you see that looks good so these is well
Marquis to seal them all in your pond
and then if you because they're quite a
thick sausage today what you just cook
them the pound so into your open for
about 10 minutes now so much goes into
the piping bag and we'll play them Wow
ok my sausage is there
Wow you won't be hungry after this mark
gratitude and then just a little bit of
onion gravy just finish with a little
sprig of rosemary and that's bangers and
mash excellent well done
you